The Princess and her Queen

Agnieszka struggled with herself to keep her face from bending into a grimace and bursting into tears. She plodded into the teachers' lounge with her arms slightly extended, as if groping for a surface to lean on. Fortunately for Agnieszka no one was there to see her -- most teachers were teaching their last lessons of the day. The pillars that had thus far supported the temple of her existence had been destroyed, and now there was nothing to keep her upright. The poor woman fell toward the sofa in the centre of the room, inundated with a deluge of overwhelming pain. It seemed as if she wanted to, even tried to scream but couldn't, with her mouth open and jaw trembling. With a spasmodic arm she reached for the shawl wrapped around her neck, and flung it on the floor with the force of a flash of emotion that escaped her.

Suddenly, a door opened, and Agnieszka heard firm footsteps approaching from behind. "Oh, Agnieszka, hi," said a woman's firm voice. It was Christine. Christine walked past the sofa and turned around to look at Agnieszka. She startled ever so slightly when she saw Agnieszka's dishevelled appearance. "Oh dear," Christine let out, her firm voice now revealing a tinge of timidity. She flushed, turning a deep red, and moved slowly to seat herself on the sofa next to Agnieszka. "Oh dear, are you okay? What has happened?" Christine asked gently, putting her right hand comfortingly on Agnieszka's upper back.

Instead of feeling embarrassed for being exposed in such a state, Agnieszka felt a certain sliver of comfort at Christine's presence. "Who did this to you?" Christine demanded with an encroaching agitation. Agnieszka managed to form, though with difficulty: "Markoos." Having to utter this name seemed to create a crack in what self-control she had, causing her breathing to quicken and barely perceptible sobs to appear between breaths. "That fucker will be punished for this, I promise you," Christine said, "But please try to forget him, despicable as he is. He is not worth worrying about, and anyways, I am here with you. I'll stay as long as you need."

Christine's benevolence was more than Agnieszka could bear. She let herself curl onto Christine's maternal body and set her face on the soft bosom, letting out the animal-like scream she had been holding back. She felt her tears moisten Christine's dark blue woollen cardigan. As she was sobbing, Christine embraced her with one hand and gently set the other on Agnieszka's thigh.

Agnieszka did not know how much time passed in this position. It must have been at least twenty minutes, but felt like a timeless cathartic bliss. When Agnieszka finally lifted herself to a seated position, Christine's hand slid over her breasts, grazing the nipples. Christine's other hand, still on her thigh, squeezed it: "Better now?" she asked. Agnieszka, her mind still a haze, felt a subtle shift in the air now that she had recovered from the worst of her emotional distress. She knew that Christine was gazing into her eyes, but was afraid to look back.

"Don't be afraid," Christine said, "It's totally normal to feel scared." She gradually moved her hand higher up Agnieszka's thigh. Agnieszka was almost afraid to breathe. This was a new sensation, and she had never expected to feel it with Christine. But she wanted more of it. "This place too public," Agnieszka managed to say. "Let's go pod." Christine inhaled sharply in delight and smiled.

As soon as the two women had hurried into a pod, Christine pushed Agnieszka against a wall and pusher experienced lips onto her companions'. Agnieszka whimpered, and felt her knees weakening. Christine, noticing this, shoved Agnieszka onto the little couch and kneeled in front of her. "Are you sure you want to do this?" Chris asked, "Your first time with a woman is very special, and you don't want to waste it." Agnieszka was out of breath and was almost frantically looking around the room, anywhere but eye contact with Christine. "I — I never have sex before," she blurted out. She then unbuttoned and unzipped her tight jeans and said: "But I want you." Christine visibly shuddered in pleasurable anticipation.

Christine pulled down Agnieszka's jeans, and she raised her hips to help. Agnieszka had closed her eyes, and felt scared with nothing but white panties to cover her most intimate parts. But when she looked down she was horrified. She was already wet through and through, and a musky fluid was protruding through her white panties. When Christine kissed the wetness, however, all negative emotion disappeared. Agnieszka's back arched, and a sharp exhale escaped her in the midst of the intense pleasure. Her hips pushed upward, looking for more of the sensation she was having. Christine stopped for a moment, pulling Agnieszka's panties down. Agnieszka had ceased to care about their surroundings and threw off her shoes, along with the jeans and panties that were around her ankles.

This time when Christine moved her tongue up and down on Agnieszka's bare clit, the sensation was almost too much and Agnieszka moaned involuntarily. Christine pushed her middle finger between the wet folds of Agnieszka's labia, and felt a shudder. Agnieszka's moans were rhythmic. Christine started to push faster and harder, and Agnieszka's hips lifted up. It wasn't long before her toes curled in pleasure, and her body started convulsing.

When Agnieszka had finished her orgasm, the padding under her had absorbed a lot of her juices. She did not care. Panting, she only focused on the afterglow of her pleasure and was looking Christine in the eyes. It was the start of a beautiful forbidden relationship, and the pair would go on to have many similar secret encounters around the school.